---
num: "h00"
layout: lab
desc: "Academic Integrity Contract, Welcome survey, Python Review, Chapter 1.1 - 1.12"
ready: true
assigned: 2025-03-30 8:00:00.00-7:00
due: 2025-04-08 23:59:00.00-7:00
---

# Instructions

* Homework assignments will be done online in the Gradescope system. 
	* Please log into Canvas and click the Gradescope link on the sidebar to either create your account or to automatically link to it.
	*  If the accounts need to be merged, Gradescope will display the appropriate message and provide a link at the top of the screen. (Alternatively, here are [instructions](https://princeton.service-now.com/service?id=kb_article&sys_id=dee6562387712110efdfeb183cbb3516) on how to merge your accounts.)
* Please pay close attention to the instructions, especially when asked to provide the answer
	* Many questions are autograded by the system, which does a **case-sensitive** character-by-character comparison of the correct answer and your submitted answer.
	* Please be **PRECISE** and **EXACT** in your solutions, otherwise your answer will not be considered correct.
* For programming assignments, you may save your work at any time before the deadline (and I highly encourage this!). You may also resubmit your work any time before the deadline. We will only grade your latest submission.

# Part 0

Please fill out the **Welcome Survey**: <https://forms.gle/FGm5K2nA43etQUsPA>

# Part 1

**Please read and complete the _Academic Integrity Contract on Gradescope_.**

# Part 2

Complete and submit your answers on Gradescope for **H00** based on the textbook reading.

Reading is from Chapters 1.1 - 1.4.5 of the physical book or [Chapter 1.1 - 1.12 of the electronic version](https://runestone.academy/runestone/books/published/pythonds/index.html).

If you run into any issues or have questions, please don't hesitate to post on the forum.